We are back with Trevor Noah.
So do you watch--
And I also saw you
talk about on the news
that you can't watch the
news that much because it's
too depressing.
You watch in the morning.
You get a little recap at night.
But you must be having to
keep up with it for your show.
Yes.
I keep up with
information, but I
think people must be careful
about what they watch as news.
You know, one thing that
is an unfortunate byproduct
of having 24-hour
news in America
is always full of the news.
And so I always warn people.
I go like, be careful not
to just watch the news
all the time
because the news can
make it seem like
everything is going wrong.
Because the news' job
is to report the things
that are going wrong.
And so whether it's chicken or
the egg, or egg or the chicken,
it's either way you're only
going to be getting bad news.
So I think you should
be careful to ration
how much news you watch.
And so that's what I try and do.
I try to read as
much as possible.
I try and ascertain
what's actually
happening in the world.
But I think it's good
to have perspective.
I think it's good to
live in a world of nuance
where we say, yes, something
bad can be happening,
but it's not the worst thing,
because we're helping it not
become the worst thing.
And hopefully, on the
other side of this,
we realize that we're better
off because we treated
it seriously as opposed to not
taking it seriously, and then
regretting it afterwards.
So that's all I'm trying to do
in my world, process the news,
make jokes about it,
give it to my audience.
And hopefully, have people
a little more informed
and just feeling a
little bit better
about what they're watching
because it's not all bad news.
Yes.
No, no, it's not.
And what you're doing
is really important.
And then I do something that is
just ridiculously silly and--
Which is equally important.
Well, yes.
Yes.
For sure.
And I talk to Gavin Newsom.
And I'm talking
to people to help
spread the word on some
things that are important.
And I know obviously,
that's mainly what you do.
So what are your thoughts
on Sanders dropping out
and endorsing Biden?
I think it's great to see
the Democrats moving together
in unison.
I was really happy to see that.
And I was also really happy
to see Biden specifically
say, hey, we're going to be
engaging Bernie's policies.
I'm going to look
at what we can do
to bring in more of his people.
Because I think it's important
for leaders to realize
you're not just the leader of
the people who voted for you.
You're the leader of everyone
that you end up leading.
And so in many ways, I think
of it like being a parent.
You have your kids, and then
when your kid has a birthday
party, there's all
these other kids
who want to come to your house.
And they're not
your kids, but you
should treat them
with the same love
and respect that you would
your kids because they're
in your house.
And I think that's what
a president is doing.
You have all these
kids in your house,
and hopefully you're
giving them the best love
and care that they need.
You should know Ellen doesn't
allow kids in her house.
[LAUGHING]
That's why I'm not a
politician or a parent.
I don't want them.
I've never been
happier because I'm
hearing all these
parents go, oh my, God.
I'm home schooling, and I
don't know anything about--
they were just counting on the
teachers to teach their kids,
and now they have to learn how
to teach their kids at home.
And I can't even
imagine anything harder
than having to teach--
Yes, and if anybody
deserves more money, it's--
I think those are
two professions
that we're learning to
appreciate now more than ever.
It's teachers, and
it's people who
work in jobs that people
haven't considered essential,
and yet now are.
You know, people who work in
grocery stores, people who work
on farms producing our food.
We couldn't stay at home
if it weren't for them.
And so once we have
these conversations again
about how much people should
get paid as a minimum wage,
and once we have
conversations again
about teachers
getting paid, I hope
every parent remembers
this moment in time when
their kids go back to school.
No, I absolutely think
everybody feels the same way.
That it's going to be all
these people that you really
underappreciated.
Trevor, you call
yourself a Cuomosexual,
and I agree with you.
I feel like I'm a
Cuomosexual too.
Yes, I think it's been really--
it genuinely has been very
inspiring and refreshing to see
a leader like Cuomo.
Andrew Cuomo, the
governor of New York
who's come out and
engaged his briefings
in a nonpolitical way.
He's engaged them as a leader.
He's engaged them
as a human being.
He's also taken the blame for
things where he says, look,
I understand that I'm doing
certain things that people
are going to hate
me for, and I'm
willing to make these decisions
because I think it's the best
thing for human life first.
We can always create
business afterwards.
I think he's been informative.
I think he's been informed.
And once I saw people online
falling in love with him--
there's a group of
women who came out
and they said we're
falling in love with Cuomo.
And I said, well, yeah.
Everyone should be a
Cuomosexual in that way.
You should love a leader
who engages the people,
and remembers that they're
serving the people, as opposed
to the people working for them.
So any leader who's doing that
in a crisis, I applaud them.
The bar for leaders
these days is very low.
We just want someone
to tell us the truth.
That's all we're asking.
Just tell us the truth.
And if you do that,
you're a great leader.
Well, he's exceptional though.
I mean, I think that Governor
Cuomo, and Chris his brother,
God bless him.
I love him so much.
I think everyone is
just falling in love
with people who are doing their
jobs the way they should right
now.
People are falling in
love with governors,
whether it's Newsome,
whether it's Cuomo.
People are falling in
love with Dr. Fauci.
He's just a doctor
who's doing his thing.
People try and make it
seem like he has an agenda.
He wants this.
He wants that.
No, he's a doctor.
He gives you the
information, and the leaders
do with the information
as they please.
And I think it's exciting
to see people wanting
to just do their jobs well.
That's a really
cool thing to see.
Yes.
I love talking to
you, and I miss you,
and I will see you whenever we
get to see each other again.
Stay safe.
The Daily Show airs weeknights
at 11:00 on Comedy Central.
Thank you so much, Trevor.
Thank you so much for having me.
And stay safe out there, Andy.
Please don't break
any more plants.
[LAUGHING]
Thank you, Trevor.
Hi, I'm Andy.
Ellen asked me to remind you
to subscribe to her channel
so you can see more
awesome videos,
like videos of me getting scared
or saying embarrassing things,
like ball peen hammer, and
also some videos of Ellen
and other celebrities if
you're into that sort of
Ah!
[BLEEP] God [BLEEP]